hi everyone welcome to the visual guide
for castrum marry a denim this is the
second date men dungeon you'll encounter
near the end of the main story quests
line
my name is mystic and all the air
dungeon guide this instance yields a
hundred tombs of philosophy and is also
a great place to spirit bind your gear
as such you'll come across a lot a lot
of people farming it this is also the
instance where all the oMFG watched
cinematics in the run none of my time
drama comes from there are a lot and I
mean a lot of cinematics in this one
while I feel for both parties in this
argument keep in mind that a few of
these cinematics can happen while you're
in the middle of a fight and will
ultimately screw up certain mechanics
that people use to make the run as fast
as possible
if in doubt just communicate it's best
to decide with your group before the
first poll what people are actually
looking to do since at this point most
groups are looking to complete this
dungeon as fast as possible
I'll be focusing a bit on the most
efficient way to pull trash for tanks
with a good group these runs can be as
fast as 25 to 30 minutes making it the
most efficient way to farm tomes of
philosophy if you look at your duty list
we have a number of seemingly
complicated objectives to complete
however these are all accomplished in a
fairly linear fashion as we press
through the instance the first few steps
involve at deactivating searchlights
you'll notice that once you deactivate
them large groups of mobs will disappear
from the area note that if you pull
these before deactivating the
searchlights
you will have to fight them as such it's
always best to deactivate any nearby
searchlights before progressing no sense
in pulling useless trash right here you
can bypass most of the trash by sticking
to the left of the path if you haven't
noticed by now all mobs in this game
body pull by direct line-of-sight only
this means you can literally run behind
a mob breathe heavily down its neck and
it still won't notice you awesome right
it makes skipping certain polls trivial
the first boss we encounter is the black
act he is a typical tank and spank and
will also spawn a number of ads
throughout the fight - from each door
the off tank should grab hate from the
healers and the ads can be a read down
fairly quickly other than that it's a
really straightforward fight avoid the
AoE as usual and kill the ads to access
the next area we need to slide through
the garbage disposal
classy in this section there are two
patrolling match Tech's that don't have
to be pulled also be careful to avoid
the searchlights of stepping into them
will spawn more ads the explosives that
you pick up from the bang guards are
used in the next objective note that you
only need to pull the right side here on
the left anyone can easily sneak past as
long as they stay behind each mob to get
to the pipe destroy each pipe and
continue on again running behind trash
will never pull it boss number two the
Vanguard f/11 tank will take the boss
against the far left door and grab hate
on any ads this bond there while the
others can grab the ads spawn from the
other two doors this is similar to the
first fight only with more ads and a few
more AOE zones to watch out for kill the
little ads and turn back on the boss the
third wave of ads has a magitek that can
be ignored if you're tanking the boss
make sure not to get hit by the frontal
cone it does a high amount of damage and
with all the smaller ads beating on you
or maybe your healer pausing to scratch
their nose you might die after this
fight we need up listed who will now
join us throughout the instance in this
section we can actually use the mark 43
mini cannons against them what I
normally do is grab the trash in front
of the cabinets and pop as many
cooldowns as necessary to stay alive
while the DPS gets into the cannons and
Nixon for anyone unfamiliar with the
cannons clicking on them will pull up
your pet action bar with the ability to
bomb a targeted area a few hits from
each cannon will obliterate the trash
hopefully before your tank dies the
group should hang out for a moment while
the tank grabs the Colossus and drags
him back into the range of the cannons I
love these cannons they trivialize the
rest of the instance keep in mind that
the cannons do take damage
so if possible keep the colossi away
from the cannons as their massive column
attack can easily destroy any candidate
hits you stuns as necessary you want to
keep these cannons as alive as possible
to make clearing the rest of the
instance as efficient as possible this
next set of trash can be temporarily
avoided for now CID won't move forward
until you do kill it so don't forget
about it
the group can run around to the next set
of cannons once they're close to them
you can pull the trash and then pull
them all the way back to be obliterated
by the cannons once all the trash is
dead
CID will come and activate the third
boss the third boss is you guessed it
one big guy and a bunch of ads go figure
the tank should position the boss in the
corner of this ramp while
tailor stand on the opposite corner this
allows the off-tank to easily pick up
the ads as they come around the corner
and up the ramp when the healers pull
threat as usual avoid the AoE near the
end of the fight a large Vanguard will
spawn again DPS can ignore this and just
burn the boss down at this point you can
run all the way back around but it is
easier to return to the beginning of the
instance and take the shortcut the group
should run back to the cannons and sit
in them the rest of the trash can
actually be pulled back to those cannons
once all of these searchlights are
deactivated we enter another cinematic
that shows us getting attacked by an
airship
we need to use the NTA or cannons to
bring it down but before we do that we
have two more colossi to deal with they
spawn as soon as the airship is hit once
and we'll begin to attack the anti-air
cannons tanks can pick these up and run
them back to the cannons if for example
you fall asleep at the keyboard from
mindlessly spamming cm and lose your
cannons before the colossi are done well
let's just say there are always options
what can I say though cannons make you
lazy
since the aka nerfs you'll be seeing a
lot at this place you really got to find
the fun and anything you can once they
are down the group is free to destroy
the airship which will activate the last
boss the last boss is Libya assess
Junius that is the first and last time
I'm going to attempt to say that name
this boss is technically a two-for-one
in the first encounter the boss isn't
traditionally tanked or damaged
seriously she does and takes very little
damage her enmity table is also scripted
to attack the last person to shoot her
with a cannon so keep this in mind the
goal here is to interact with the
missiles which will cause the weird 10
looking things to come and load the
cannons once the cannons are loaded they
become usable the simplest way to handle
this is to wait until all four cannons
are loaded and then smash her all
together the last person that hits her
will end up with hate and should keep
her in the middle as still as possible
waiting until all the cannons are loaded
before firing also makes the add spawns
more manageable you can think of this as
a cycle of loading firing dealing with
ads and repeats after two full rounds of
cannon fire the boss should die in the
last encounter the boss can beat end
this fight turns into an easy tanking
spanked with the usual AoE to avoid note
that if you get caught in her
point-blank AoE you will be d buffed
with paralysis so try to avoid it and
you guessed it ads will spawn throughout
the fight these ads fixate on a certain
player until they are dead so the
easiest way to do this is to run to the
boss and AoE them all down near the end
a Colossus will spawn that can be off
tanked and ignored
there you go the easiest 100 tomes of
philosophy you'll ever make up next we
have the praetorium the epic finale to
the story quest line as always thanks
for watching til next time